PAB-4604: Change log for Extract Property block (#2434)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/analytics/apama-in-c8y-20240912-Extract-a-property-with-a-period-in-its-name-using-the-Extract-Property-block.md

---
date:
title: Extract a property with a period in its name using the Extract Property block
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Analytics
component:
  - value: component-M5-cepIIS
    label: Streaming Analytics
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-KXXmo2SUR
    label: apama-in-c8y
ticket: PAB-4604
version:
---
The [Extract Property](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/block-reference/#extract-property) block in Analytics Builder now includes a new optional checkbox called **Ignore Separators In Property Path**. This allows extracting a property that has a separator (for example: a period (.)) in the property name.

> This is helpful if you want to extract a property that has a period (.) in its name. A new checkbox called **Ignore Separators In Property Path** has been added for this purpose.

Reviewer: delete this?

  - value: tc-KXXmo2SUR
    label: apama-in-c8y
ticket: PAB-4604
version:
---

> The [Extract Property](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/block-reference/#extract-property) block in Analytics Builder now allows you to use the value of the **Property Path** parameter as a property name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Extract Property](https://cumulocity.com/docs/streaming-analytics/block-reference/#extract-property) block in Analytics Builder now includes a new optional checkbox called **Ignore Separators In Property Path**. This allows extracting a property that has a separator (for example: a period (.)) in the property name.
```

> This is helpful if you want to extract a property that has a period (.) in its name. A new checkbox called **Ignore Separators In Property Path** has been added for this purpose.

Reviewer: I believe this can be removed once the above suggestion is implemented.
